​​​ ​Let’s see the world,​ ​​
​​​ ​searching for the reason why I am myself​ ​​
​​​ ​With fear, and with joy I’ve never felt before,​ ​​
​​​ ​I'll sing out towards the sky​ ​​
​​​ ​IRyS - See the World​ ​​
​​​ ​作詞：hotaru（TaWaRa）​ ​​
​​​ ​作曲：酒井拓也、河合泰志（Arte Refact）​ ​​
​​​ ​編曲：酒井拓也、河合泰志（Arte Refact）​ ​​
​​​ ​夜明けの紫に自分を重ねて​ ​​
​​​ ​よあけ の むらさき に じぶん を かさねて​ ​​
​​​ ​期待と不安を交互に踏む​ ​​
​​​ ​きたい と ふあん を こうご に ふむ​ ​​
​​​ ​二つの感情で一つの世界を​ ​​
​​​ ​ふたつ の かんじょう で ひとつ の せかい を​ ​​
​​​ ​映し出した​ ​​
​​​ ​うつしだした​ ​​
​​​ ​私は今​ ​​
​​​ ​わたし は いま​ ​​
​​​ ​誰だろう​ ​​
​​​ ​だれ だろう​ ​​
​​​ ​I could be kind or coldhearted,​ ​​
​​​ ​but I don’t know which choice to make​ ​​
​​​ ​I know my heart is wishing for hope​ ​​
​​​ ​さあまぶしい未来の方へと​ ​​
​​​ ​さあ まぶしい みらい の ほう へ と​ ​​
​​​ ​Let’s see the world,​ ​​
​​​ ​searching for the reason why I am myself​ ​​
​​​ ​With fear, and with joy I’ve never felt before,​ ​​
​​​ ​I will start to walk​ ​​
​​​ ​How many things will I learn?​ ​​
​​​ ​How many times will I say goodbye?​ ​​
​​​ ​Over the years, oh what will await?​ ​​
​​​ ​I can not foresee​ ​​
​​​ ​I pray it will be a hope that is never fading​ ​​
​​​ ​But what is my true hope?​ ​​
​​​ ​過ぎゆく　すべてに意味があるなら…​ ​​
​​​ ​すぎゆく すべて に いみ が ある なら…​ ​​
​​​ ​いくつもの正義が一つの世界に​ ​​
​​​ ​いくつも の せいぎ が ひとつ の せかい に​ ​​
​​​ ​あるのならば​ ​​
​​​ ​ある の ならば​ ​​
​​​ ​いったい何を​ ​​
​​​ ​いったい なに を​ ​​
​​​ ​選べよう​ ​​
​​​ ​えらべよう​ ​​
​​​ ​I could be kind or coldhearted,​ ​​
​​​ ​but can I choose the right answer?​ ​​
​​​ ​I know my heart is wishing for hope​ ​​
​​​ ​この世界が求めるものはなに？​ ​​
​​​ ​この せかい が もとめる もの は なに？​ ​​
​​​ ​Why me?​ ​​
​​​ ​For what?​ ​​
​​​ ​Who am I?​ ​​
​​​ ​For whom?​ ​​
​​​ ​If I was one or the other, it would be so easy​ ​​
​​​ ​Can I believe myself?​ ​​
​​​ ​Can I believe my two hearts?​ ​​
​​​ ​I want to make the right choice for myself,​ ​​
​​​ ​for people, for this world, all of life　​ ​​
​​​ ​Let’s see the world,​ ​​
​​​ ​searching for the reason why I am myself​ ​​
​​​ ​Embracing fear,​ ​​
​​​ ​together with joy like I’ve never known,​ ​​
​​​ ​I will carry on​ ​​
​​​ ​I am hope, now I’m sure.​ ​​
​​​ ​I’m more than just an angel or a demon​ ​​
​​​ ​I was born as the only hope to save this world​ ​​
​​​ ​A world so kind,​ ​​
​​​ ​but sometimes cruel,​ ​​
​​​ ​a world so loving,​ ​​
​​​ ​at times lonely,​ ​​
​​​ ​always beautiful​ ​​
​​​ ​And I will not ever give it up​ ​​
​​​ ​Illustration: Kurage​ ​​
​​​ ​Movie: LUMINA​ ​​
​​​ ​Vocals: IRyS​ ​​